[cli] UI URL hints for common CLI commands (#24454)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/configuration/ui.mdx

- `text` `(string: "")` - Specifies the text of the label that will be
  displayed in the header of the Web UI.
- `background_color` `(string: "")` - The background color of the label to

>   be displayed. The Web UI will default to a black background. HEX values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be displayed. The Web UI defaults to a black background. HEX values
```

present tense (I know this clashes with the copious amounts of future tense already in the docs. Eventually I will address that.)
